Jupyter improvements (#149)
FREVA-CLINT/Freva: docs/source/FrevaCli.rst

.. code:: console

    freva-databrowser project=observations --facet all

.. execute_code::
   :hide_code:

   from subprocess import run, PIPE
   res = run(["freva", "databrowser", "--facet", "all"], check=True, stdout=PIPE, stderr=PIPE)
   print(res.stdout.decode())

> Instead of querying all facet to you get information on certain facets only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of querying all facets to get information on specific ones:
```

             "vmax=5",
             "suffix=gif",
             ], check=True, stdout=PIPE, stderr=PIPE)
   out = res.stdout.decode()
   print(out)

If you want to evaluate the plugins output you can use the ``--json`` flag.
This flag converts the result of a plugin application to a json string that
can be processed by a json parser for example ``jq``. Consider the following
exmample (in bash/zsh) where we use ``--json`` flag to get all netcdf output

> files from a plugin run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to evaluate the output of the plugin, you can use the ``--json`` flag.
This flag converts the result of a plugin application into a json string that 
can be processed by a json parser such as ``jq``. Consider the following 
example (in bash/zsh) where we use the ``--json`` flag to get all the netcdf 
output files from a plugin run.
```

.. code:: console

    files=$(freva plugin dummypluginfolders --json|jq -r '.result| keys[] | select(endswith(".nc"))')
    echo $files

.. execute_code::
   :hide_code:

   import freva
   res = freva.run_plugin("dummypluginfolders")
   for file in res.get_result_paths():
      print(file)

.. note::

    If you use the ``--batchmode`` flag in combination with ``--json`` flag the

>     commandline will wait for the batch job to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use the ``--batchmode`` flag in combination with ``--json`` flag the
    command line will wait for the batch job to finish.
```

   res = run(["freva", "history", "--limit", "1", "--return-command"], check=True, stdout=PIPE, stderr=PIPE)
   print(res.stdout.decode())

Like in for the ``plugin`` sub command you can use the ``--json`` flag to
to make the output of the history command machine readable and evaluate its
output. For example can we query the output files of the last 3 plugin

> applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the ``plugin`` subcommand, you can use the ``--json`` flag
to make the output of the history command machine-readable, 
and to parse its output. For example, we can query the output files
of the last 3 plugin applications:
```
